WIP: this pull request is here to track the progress and allow for review (#5)
boiding/book: src/background/boid.md

# Boid

> A _boid_ is a virtual creatures, much like a bird or a fish. You should get

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A _boid_ is a virtual creature, much like a bird or a fish. You should get
```

the left side of the world and vice versa. Similar for the top and bottom of the
world.

We have made sure that the coordinates are normalized. The values it can attain
will all lie between 0 and 1. E.g. a boid with an _x_ value of 0 is found at the
left side of the world, whereas a boid with an _x_ value of 1 will find itself at 
the right side of the world.

Similarly, an _y_ value of 0 corresponds with the top edge and an _y_ value of 1
corresponds with the bottom edge.

#### Heading

> An other primary characteristic of a boid is its _heading_, i.e. The angle it is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Another primary characteristic of a boid is its _heading_, i.e. The angle it is
```
